[Music]
this woman is glamorous and has
excellent nice skills
you can kill a shao kang with a single
wave she asked xiaomi to open a butcher
shop in the town
business is extremely hot there was a
long line before the door opened in the
morning
attracted countless old men as soon as
xiaomi the lady boss appears
men are greedy for drooling this
dazzling beauty floor dude figure
even jing cha is fascinated until a
basin of food washing water splashes on
the head
he just woke up a few days later there
was a murder case in the town
the technique is extremely cruel and
stunned i was cut off in bloodletted
tess
the victim was a doctor who was killed
in bed according to the monitoring
screen display
not the last woman to go in old jing-cha
found the nurse who was with the doctor
that night
she said that that day she rolled the
sheets with the doctor and left
but the nurse is very worried a hot
woman walks into a nightclub at night
black high heels stepping on the bed in
front of me is a s squinted man
she tied up the man sm the man was
killed by s
the woman walked out calmly with a knife
xiaomei in the butcher shop
watching the news and tv has no effect
on her just pick up an s pig knife
the forensic doctor said the two crimes
were exactly the same the cruelty of the
skill of the knife
familiarly knowing the position of human
organs is definitely a master
and the person who uses a knife is
right-handed one coincidentally which
hospital still belongs to us
both victims were killed by the same
method s lao wong suspects that this is
a grudge against
us can be determined by the same person
xiaomei cuts meat in the butcher shop
what an old lady was talking about
pharaoh just passed the butcher shop
after get off work
met this old lady when he entered the
butcher shop
he saw xiaomi the angelic face stunned
this man
i'm in love at this moment i joined the
queue to buy meat the next day
his eyes are straight i didn't wake up
until a basin of food washing water was
poured on i'm jing cha can't be addicted
to female sex
then i found the nurse he wants to find
out who the two doctors are
learned from her the two killed are very
good friends and there is a third person
in the good friends team
the man who is still alive has resigned
and became the head of plastic surgery
pharaoh learned of the evil deeds of the
three through investigations it rained
heavily on a night 10 years ago
there is a stunning beauty lying
unconscious in the hospital
that face that figure is incredible
three doctors can't wait to check her up
the woman is taken care of very
carefully touch tears filled my eyes
i was taken care of for one night in
turn later this girl became a big star
and mixed then pharaoh found the only
doctor who was still alive
but he killed him and didn't admit what
happened 10 years ago
pharaoh is sure this man is the next
victim he and his teammates began to
secretly protect him
the man in the nightclub hugs left and
right at this time a masked woman and
pharaoh passed by
the teammate accidentally ran into the
waiter a deboning knife fell to the
ground
lau wong hurried to catch the woman
masked female backhand pushes crazy
running
he immediately chased up after a lot of
chasing i still greedy people and lost
them
i found the woman who was taken care of
10 years ago through investigation
she said she couldn't remember anything
do not know anything
obviously she doesn't want others to
know about it lao wong took the knife to
the knife shop to identify it
but i was told that this is a
professional bow knife it's often used
in pork and beef shops
the case is deadlocked pharaoh walks
down the street in frustration
i passed by xiaomi's butcher shop again
he found that only when facing this
woman
your negative emotions will disappear
even in meetings
my head is full of xiaomi smiles there
are pictures of three men on this wall
two people have been killed female s
hands are exercising
the doctor came down in the parking lot
at night sure enough to be attacked
because his daughter heard the movement
and came out to check oh scared away the
killer and
injured the assassin's thigh during the
fight that night lau wang came to the
butcher shop again
but attracted by the knives on the wall
exactly the same as the one used by s
hand
is your goddess a murderer lao wang
gradually became suspicious
he told xiaomei about the serial s-man
case sure enough
xiaomi's expression has changed but she
didn't answer positively
but to make lao wang pay for the meat
quickly but watching xiaomei walk and
limped
he remembered that the murderer was
stabbed in the leg the woman was thrown
on the table by him
lau wong wants to check her body lift up
the skirt
sure enough there is a bandage on the
thigh at this moment it was confirmed
that xiaomi was the murderer
but now pharaoh has fallen again he has
fallen in love with this woman
can't bear to arrest her so something
indescribable happened between the two
at the same time he ran into the
hospital alone just a few tricks to
defeat the security
when i came to the man's hospital bed i
covered my mouth with a towel
pushing the unconscious man out of the
hospital when pharaoh rushed to the
hospital it was too late
this also shows that the killer of
someone else see ww lti format through
monitoring
the crime is still a female multi-format
pharaoh came to the butcher shop again
after get off work
the doctor on the other side was tied to
a piece of wood that is a space sealed
with cloth
he shouted in fear that there was no one
in joe glow i was scared to pee my pants
at the same time
an old lady with a cane walked in
the man was very upset and still
intimidated her then a woman ran in from
behind
cut his limbs with a few knives then
opened the iron cage and put in a wolf
dog
pounced on the man's second brother
fiercely old lady tear off the mask
it's a female star the next day the man
left xiaomi's butcher shop to go to work
although the same weapon was used this
time but the murderer was zuo sazi
lauong was eating with his teammates
suddenly saw the old lady played by the
actress on tv he remembered that it was
this person he met at the butcher shop
that day
i'm sure this actress is related to
xiaomei come to the butcher shop of the
beloved woman again
open the door and everything is wrong no
one in the empty room
the call has become an empty number many
more cases occurred during this period
s are all severed arteries and scum i'm
looking for it
finally found xiaomi in a suburban
factory the two met for a pk
but each other's hearts love to die and
live no one can bear to kill
finally farrow let xiaomi go quit her
job at jing cha for a woman
the two lived a happy life from now on
doing the indescribable together
one day pharaoh accidentally found
xiaomi's photo album there's a woman
exactly like xiaomi
in the photo this also explains why the
three murders
the reason why the murderer s has left
in right hands then this person must be
xiaomi's twin sister
now lau wong was completely lost and
thought is the elder sister or younger
sister sleeping with me
but it doesn't matter if you think about
it no matter who it is
he will not suffer and still make a lot
of money
like friends like and forward don't
forget to follow me
see you next time bye